Hi bro.

First thing that you will want to do is to create your articles.
You have 20 pages, all these pages need to exist, even if some are
empty (such as articles).

To create the pages you should use notepad and save them as pure text.

Block ascii art still works fine.
Please do not have TABS, they will crash the mag.
Also you should not have double quotes " as these will also crash it.
You should search and replace those characters with something else.

Pages are a maximum of 80 characters wide and 2,000 lines tall.

You must end each page with the following;

<END>

It must be on the left of the screen and in capital letters.
This is very important as the mag will look for this code.

Colour codes like;

<RED> <GREEN> etc

and Page breaks like;

<H1> <H2> etc

Do not work any more. All text formatting is done within the text formatter.
Please see !_INSTRUCTIONS_2.TXT To learn how to use it.

Here are the pages and what they need to contain.

 p1.txt - Monthly Chart
 p2.txt - Monthly Overview
 p3.txt - Group Of The Month
 p4.txt - Group Release Stats
 p5.txt - Yearly Stats
 p6.txt - Yearly Overview
 p7.txt - Group Of The Year
 p8.txt - Alltime Stats
 p9.txt - Alltime Overview
p10.txt - Help                 (Chart usage instructions)
p11.txt - Editorial            (Your introduction)  
p12.txt - Rules                (The Chart Rules)
p13.txt - Credits              (Credits)
p14.txt - Feedback             (Letters to the editor if you will ;-) )
p15.txt - Music                (Your comments on this issues tunes)
p16.txt - Article 1            (General article / interview)
p17.txt - Article 2            (General article / interview)
p18.txt - Article 3            (General article / interview)
p19.txt - Article 4            (General article / interview)
p20.txt - Article 5            (General article / interview)

These are broken down into the correct categories in the mag so don't worry
about the order.

Even if you don't have an article, the page should exist. You can switch it
off in the configuration. See !_INSTRUCTIONS_3.TXT


Once you have written the 20 pages, just click on the file:

convert_pages.bat

This will overwrite any old pages you might have formatted!!
If you wish to preserve any of your old pages (like help for example)
copy the corresponding i file, so for help it is;

p10.txt == i10.txt

copy that somewhere safe, run the batch file and then replace the new with the
old one. This will preserve any text formatting you did to it and is a way
of saving your pages.

If some pages get corrupted, use the 

kill_converted_pages.bat

Batch file to remove all the iXX.txt files.

Pretty straight forward really.
So please write the pages and I'll see you in the next help file!
