

   ллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллл
   л                                                                         л
   л ллллл ллллл ллллл ллллл лллл  л   л ллллл ллллл ллллл ллллл ллллл ллллл л
   л   л   л   л л       л   л  л  л   л л       л     л   л   л л   л л     л
   л   л   л   л ллллл   л   ллллл л   л л       л     л   л   л л   л ллллл л
   л   л   л   л     л   л   л   л л   л л       л     л   л   л л   л     л л
   л   л   л   л     л   л   л   л л   л л       л     л   л   л л   л     л л
   л ллллл л   л ллллл   л   л   л ллллл ллллл   л   ллллл ллллл л   л ллллл л
   л                                                                         л
   ллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллл



                    GUIDELINES ON HOW TO USE THIS MAGAZINE.




If you are reading this then I guess that you have never used this new chart
engine before, here are some guidelines of how everything works, it's quite
straight-forward so you shouldn't have any problems.


 
                                    BUTTONS:


The main buttons are located to the left and the right of the center menu.
You may click any of them as long as they are not already selected.

    QUIT - Click here or press Escape to exit this fine chart.

    CHARTS - Click here to select the charts menu.

    ARTICLES - Click here to select the articles menu.

    MUTE - Click here to stop the current song and again to restart it.

    RULES - Click here to display the rules for scoring points in the charts.

    HELP - Click here to display the page you are looking at.

    MUSIC 1, MUSIC 2, MUSIC 3, MUSIC 4 - Click to play different tunes.



In the middle you will see all the articles, as long as the page is turned on
and is not coloured red then you can click any of them to change the article
you are currently viewing.



                                     SKINS:


This chart engine now has a choice of two different skins, you can choose
between them at any time by pressing F1 and F2.



                                   SCROLLING:


On some of the pageses, there can be less than 33 lines of text, in this case
you will not be able to scroll the page, however, if there is more text in a
page then you can scroll down it to read it with several methods, here's how
to do it.

    ARROW KEYS - Up and Down arrow keys scroll the page up and down.

    MOUSE WHEEL - Roll it forward and back to scroll the page.

    PROGRESS BAR - Click and drag up and down to scroll the page.

    PAGE UP / PAGE DOWN - Advance and Go back a page at a time.

    HOME / END - Jump to the beginning or the end of a page.
                                                                


                                EMPTY BUTTONS:


Quite often you will notice some empty spaces in the central menu. This is
normal and it is because the pages may be turned off and on by the editor of
the charts, if any are turned off it just means that he didn't have enough
pages to fill all the charts in this issue.



                                    MUSIC:


There is a spectrum analyzer for your enjoyment under the scroll, please do
read this scroll to find out some facts about the songs you are listening to
because the composers of these excellent songs deserve it.



                              SUGGESTIONS+MATERIAL:


Please send any suggestions for improvements to the editor if you know how to
contact him, or even to the coder of the charts.. If you don't know who we
are, use the usual channels, we want to keep improving the experience for 
you.

Lots of you have asked for more magazine-like content, we have now given you
this option with the new chart engine, content does not write its self though
and we really need your articles, interviews, comments and suggestions.

Please do send them all on to us and we will consider them for publication.

Thanks.


<END>
