

   ллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллл
   л                                                                         л
   л                 ллллл лллл  ллллл ллллл ллллл ллллл ллллл               л
   л                 л     л  л  л     л   л   л     л   л                   л
   л                 л     ллллл лллл  л   л   л     л   ллллл               л
   л                 л     л   л л     л   л   л     л       л               л
   л                 л     л   л л     л   л   л     л       л               л
   л                 ллллл л   л ллллл ллллл ллллл   л   ллллл               л
   л                                                                         л
   ллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллллл



                  THE GAME SCENE CHARTS WERE PUT TOGETHER BY:



All articles and statistics were written by the Game Scene Charts Staff and
are all edited by The Game Scene Charts Editor who will remain anonymous.
The charts are compiled, packed and released by The Game Scene Charts Editor.


                          TOOLS AND UTILITIES CREDITS:


The associated tools for editing and formatting the aritcles were written by
Widowmaker of Electric Druggies (This group is now no longer active anymore).

The chart engine was designed and created by Widowmaker, this includes some
of the graphics and layout. 

Thanks must also go to Rbz/Codigos for his useful web tutorial on creating
spectrum bars. Some file conversion programs by Rbz are also used in every
issue so thanks for making them available!

If you can provide a better looking skin, please get in touch with us, we 
would like to hear from you!!!!!


                                 SKINS CREDITS:


The Grunge skin is heavily inspired by World Of Warcraft, some graphics
were adapted from various web sites, they were cut and pasted together by
Widowmaker.

The Carbon skin is by N.A.T.O Of The Anti Nowhere League, many thanks to
him for his artwork, we appreciate it!


                                 MUSIC CREDITS:


The main music playback routine uses Minifmod. 

The replay routine in the intro is by Stormbringer of Alcatraz, we thank him
for making this nice tool available to everyone. The music is of course by 
Rob Hubbard, taken from various C64 games.


We also want to thank the musicians whose songs are in this issue. You can
read about them in the scroller and also on thier own page, we feel that the 
tunes deserve a page of thier own and we want to thank the songmakers for
these songs which mean a lot to us, we hope nobody is offended by us 
including them in this production.


                                  OTHER STUFF:


It needs to be emphasised that the creator of the program, the tools and libs
used to create this chart have no other connection with it at all, the charts
are actually compiled for you by a dedicated team of people.

If you can contribute an interview, article, skin or song for the charts then
we would really love to hear from you so please get in touch!


Also if you have any letters to the editor, get in touch with him in the
usual channels or on the sites. We will respect your anonymity and answer the
things you ask in our letters page each month.


Please do enjoy reading the charts, thank you!


<END>
